[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: Anyone want to explain to
me what this function is doing? Anyone
want to take a guess and just tell me?
I already told you, so
I'm not gonna tell you again.
I just wanna know, if nobody has any
questions then that means everybody knows
what this function is doing.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE] Request.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah so it will look for
the token on rec.headers.authorization,
and then because we set it up, up here op
top, we already set it up it already knows
the secret because, we told it up here.
It told him the secret enclosure.
And it's going to match It's
going try to JWT.verify this
token with this secret and
if it finds it, it gonna grab
whatever object is returned and attach
it to req.user and then call it next.
If the verification process fails,
it'll call it next with an error.
If it doesn't find the token,
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so
let's just start with the one that
probably we're doing first, and
that's verifyUser.
So, anybody tell me what
verifyUser is doing?
What were we supposed to do?
What was verifyUser supposed to do?
I hope everybody knew what it was supposed
to do, because you just tried to make it,
so if you didn't know what it was
supposed to do it'd be really hard.
Yes?
>> Speaker 3: It's supposed to say,
is this user in the database?
>> Scott Moss: Right and
what else?
>> Speaker 3: And
were the credentials correct?
>> Scott Moss: Right.
So, it'll check to see if this
user exists in the database, and
if the password they supplied to me it
is the same password that they signed up
with, that's what this is doing and
it attached
the result of that to the inquiry.
>> Speaker 4: This kind of came up
when you talked about decode token,
where is it being used.
>> Scott Moss: We're not currently using
that, we will be on step
12 That was the question
I was hoping somebody would ask me like,
where were you using this thing?
Because we aren't using it anywhere.
We just made it.
But yeah it's not being used.
So, verify user has absolutely
nothing to do with tokens.
This is just passwords right here.
It has nothing to do with JWT.
So this is my solution for it.
So what I do, first I make sure that there
is a username and a password and if not,
I just send back a 400.
You need a username and password.
Also you should be doing this
validation on a friend, as well.
So you shouldn't even let the form
even submit without the username or
password, but
this is just to catch it, anyway.
So they got two types of validation.
Saving those DV queries.
And once the status quo for
400 is like resource,
let me see, I have all the cheats
right here, let's see.
Bad request,
so I think that's appropriate.
>> Scott Moss: I don't know why
I couldn't remember that.
>> Scott Moss: And then if that's true,
and then I put this return key right here,
right?
So it doesn't continue to go down here.
You could also just put
a else if you want to.
I just don't like that sometimes,
so I'll just put a return, so stop.
You could also just put the return in
front of this, and it will still work.
Whatever you want to do.
>> Scott Moss: And
then I say User.findOne
with this username.
because we all know usernames are unique,
we did that, right?
We only want to query
things that are unique, so
I'm gonna find the first user, or
the only user who's user name is username.
And then, grab that user so
if it didn't error out,
but there is no user because remember
.then is a promise resolution.
So, this will resolve as
long as there was no error.
But that doesn't mean that
there is also a user.
The database could have went to.
This mongoose could have went
to the database, search for
a user, didn't have an error,
but came back with no user.
That's not going to throw
an error if there is no user.
So, we need to check to see if
there is actually a user there.
So if it's not an error, sorry,
if it's not a user, then I'm going to set
a 401, no user with that given user name.
And, you can see I did an L statement.
Returning a promise is just
kind of weird as we saw.
So else, and then what I do is I
say user.authenticate password,
which I told you about if you go look
in the user model authenticate is this.
It takes in a plainTextPword,
and it will return this method
bcrypt.compareSync, which will
take the plain text password and
hash it and see if it matches
the password that's already saved.
Then it'll return it true or false.
That was already there for you.
And remember,
I said this is on the methods.
So, if you say user scheme.methods,
that's on the instance.
We went over this, so that's how I
was able to say user.authenticate.
So, I was saying, hey user,
authenticate yourself with this password.
Because it's on the methods,
which means it's on the instance.
Does everybody follow me there?
Because these two methods authenticate
an encrypt password exists on
userkeepers.methods every instance of
a user model can call these methods.
And when I say the key work this I'm
referring to the actual instance.
So in this case,
when we say user.authenticate,
pass in is password text, and I would come
in here and password log this, this key
word right here, it would be this user.
>> Scott Moss: So
I'm saying hey, authenticate yourself.
If you're not authenticated,
if the passwords don't match, 401,
wrong password.
>> Scott Moss: or else, it did match.
Cool, you're good to go.
There was a user, the passwords did match.
I guess you are who you say you are.
Req.user = user;next();.
>> Scott Moss: And then error handling.
So remember I said with promises,
you can either call a .catch or
you can also pass in a second callback
to do optional error handling.
That's what that is right here.
Because this version of Mongo
is using m promises, and
I don't thing they have a .catch or
a .fail.
They probably do, I probably just don't
know it enough, but I know if you do this
it'll catch the error.
>> Scott Moss: So what do we have on this?
I need questions on this one.
This one's kinda tough.
I saw a lot of people like.
I'm curious, what do other people do?
What else did you guys do?
>> Scott Moss: Everybody did it like this?
No? Yeah. >> Speaker 5: I have a question.
Is there a reason why you
don't use error middleware and
set the status sending back a message?
>> Scott Moss: Is there any reason I don't
use error!
>> Scott Moss: So,
the reason I did it here, that's a good
question, so his question was could I just
use error middleware like we did
before to just send a message back.
Yeah, we could totally do that.
But I guess the reason I did it here was,
one, I haven't registered this middleware
verify user anywhere, so I have no idea
in what middleware stack it's gonna be.
So depending on what router it's placed
in, or what route it's placed in
I have no idea what error handling
is going to come after it.
The only guarantee I do have is like,
if I set up on globally, and
like serve it out JS.
Like this one.
This is the only one I'm guaranteed
to know that it will hit,
cuz this is after everything.
So, and I also wanted to do like
a specific error for these conditions.
So, if I wanted to send
it to global air message,
I would have to send along some
type of metadata along to let
the airware know that this airware
is coming from a verified user.
Maybe I'll put a different message on it,
or I'll put a different type on it, so
I can check and be like if airware.type
equals from verified user,
send back the status code of this.
So you can totally do that and that
might be better, but it was just like,
I would have to figure
out how to check for
those different types of errors.
>> Scott Moss: Or
the appropriate error messages.
>> Scott Moss: An even
better approach is just to abstracts or,
what I would do, I would make a middleware
that just mocks out error handling
forever, or just have something like req..
You know, or I could like req[404] and
it'll just send back a 404 and
give it a message, and
it will send that message.
I would do something like that.
>> Scott Moss: So
that looked kind of funny to you,
is because I'm using brackets in text,
because it's a number.
I can't say req.404, that won't work, so
I have to say req[404].
>> Scott Moss: All right, any other
questions on this, on verified users?
>> Scott Moss: You
look like you got some questions.
You got some questions.
How do you
>> Speaker 6: Okay, I have
a question.
>> Scott Moss: Thank you.
Yes, there we go.
>> Speaker 6: Line 75.
It's calling next after it
sets the user on the request.
>> Scott Moss: Yes.
>> Speaker 6: Then server.js.
>> Speaker 6: I see auth as
the last app.use.
>> Scott Moss: That's true.
>> Speaker 6: So how does it
>> Scott Moss: What's next?
>> Speaker 6: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, that's
a good question.
Let's follow it.
So auth.
You start right here.
And then let's go to where it's being
pulled from, which is auth, routes.js.
So it's being pulled from here.
This is the router right here, right?
Are you following me there?
Okay, here's verify user.
That's the method that was calling next.
So, when it calls next, it goes to
the next function, which is this one.
So, that's where it's
going when it calls next.
It's going here.
Because remember, we can put
middleware in between these stuff too.
Remember, we can put
an array of middleware here.
Right?
We can put.
We can put another middleware here.
You could put unlimited middleware here.
It doesn't matter and
every time you call next this is gonna
go to the one to the right of it.
So this is route specific middleware.
Right?
>> Scott Moss: So,
it does sounds like
middleware is very powerful.
But yeah, so
only called next gonna go here.
Good question.
>> Scott Moss: Any other questions on
this guy?
>> Scott Moss: No, okay and
then back to where I just showed you.
So of course, and
this is where you would use verifyUser.
You'd verify the user before
you'd sign them in, because
when we get to controller.signin that's
where we're actually gonna sign the token.
We don't want to sign the token for
somebody who hasn't
even given us the appropriate username and
password combination.
So, we want to verify that they
are who they say they are first,
before we give them a token.
Does that make sense why
we have verifyUser here?
Let me check the passwords, first let me
see if they have a username and password.
Right, make sure they have a user name and
a password.
Then also make sure that their
is a user with that user name.
And then check that the two passwords
the hash passwords match each other,
and only if all those conditions meet
all they sign are who they say they are.
Then I'll type to direct that user and
you can go for it.
So, those are only conditions
that this will work.
So that's how we able to say, all right,
somebody goes to /auth/signin.
You must verify them first,
and then we can sign them.
So, now if we go to the controller method,
this one, we have the exports.signin.
It's the controller method for
the sign in, and
because if you go to verify user
we notice we put rec.user here.
We attached rec.user.
We now have access to.
So whatever comes next after this,
which is the controller.sign in as we saw
can now call it rec.user,
which is what this is saying here.
So, reg.user will be
here from the middleware.
Verify user.
Then we can just create a token and
send it back for the client to consume.
So we can use the sign token method
that exists on the auth object.
So if we just require auth,
that was already made for you,
auth.js is the signed token right here.
As it takes an ID and
it returns a token, that's it.
Give it a Mongo ID, and it will sign
it and give you the token back.
That was already there for you.
So that's what I did, I just required it,
I just did .signToken here.
>> Scott Moss: And
then I'm saying, okay token equals
signToken pass and ID which is
req.user_id cuz we got the req.user,
and then just send back the token.
So I send back an object with
a token property with a token value.